[Quickstart] Variable fixes (#39)
fivetran/dbt_asana: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_asana v0.8.3
[PR #39](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_asana/pull/39) includes the following updates:

## Under the Hood

> - Fixed `asana__using_tags` and `asana__using_task_tags` in the `quickstart.yml` configuration to ensure when these source tables are not selected, these variables are set to false and the above changes are applied in Quickstart.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `asana__using_tags` and `asana__using_task_tags` in the `quickstart.yml` configuration to ensure that, when their source tables are not selected, these variables are set to false and the below changes in v0.8.2 are applied in Quickstart.  
```
If that's what you meant
